How to turn plastic waste into profit?
Or replace fossil fuels with renewables?
VTT’s thermochemical conversion platform
helps develop processes –
that transform waste and biomass
into sustainable materials:
advanced fuels, chemicals and plastics.
Our unique piloting facilities for
gasification and pyrolysis –
support waste- and bio-based
innovations from lab to pilot scale.
We combine expertise
in thermochemical conversion, –
catalysis, process simulation
and evaluation, –
and process development to help
customers commercialise innovations.
Computational modelling is used
to support process scale-up.
We create sustainable processes
that yield high material efficiency.
VTT’s multidisciplinary expert team
has a track record since the 1980s –
in helping industrial customers turn
waste and sidestreams into value.